---
layout: post
title: 好事连连：收到Jooce的邀请函
categories:
- Diandian
tags:
- 网络, 
---
14 Dec 2007 20:27:33 +0000, neville : > > > > > Dear Joocer, > >   > > It's been a long time coming, but the wait is finally over. We are pleased > to announce the jooce platform is ready to roll -- and you have been > selected to be among the first to get onto the system. Congratulations. > >   > > Please find below your invitation code to create a jooce account and join > our beta test. And because we know you've been waiting patiently to get your > jooce fix, we've included four extra invites for you to share with your > friends. It's our way of saying thank you for your patience. > >   > > A few ways in which jooce is about to change your online life: > >   > > - MSN, AIM, Yahoo!, ICQ – sick of all the IM advertisements and nonsense > with stand alone IM clients? Use jooce’s instant messenger interface to chat > and share files with all your friends, no matter which IM client they use; > MSN, Yahoo!, AIM, ICQ and coming soon Gtalk and QQ. > >   > > - INSTANT FILE SHARE - share files instantly with your friends just by > dragging and dropping; > >   > > - YOU TUBE UPLOAD - upload your favourite YouTube videos to your jooce > desktop and share them instantly with friends; > >   > > - PUBLIC DESKTOP - express yourself with your fully customizable public face > on the internet; > >   > > - MEDIA PLAYER - play music, watch videos, create playlists; > >   > > - FILE STORAGE - secure online storage of all your files - accessible from > any internet connection anywhere in the world. > >   > > And this is just the beginning ... > >   > > The Jooce Team have been working around the clock to ensure the system is > bug-free. In the event you encounter a glitch, don't hesitate to let us know > via the feedback icon on your jooce desktop. > >   > > Please note: we're doing a bit of maintenance on the media player. For the > next week or so, there's a chance it might not be performing at its peak. > > Please bear with us - we're working on it... > >   > > For those of you needing a bit of direction, you'll find easy-to-follow > video tutorials and a comprehensive FAQ on your jooce desktop when you > log-in. > >   > > So what are you waiting for? Don't just sit there reading this email - get > busy and create your jooce account and invite your friends by going to > www.jooce.com > >   > > We hope you'll be se-jooced ... > >  