---
layout: post
title: Ubuntu7.10成功安装VMWareTool
categories:
- Diandian
tags:
- Linux, 
---
<p>Creating a new VMware Tools installer database using the tar4 format.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Installing VMware Tools.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>In which directory do you want to install the binary files? </p>
<p>[/usr/bin] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>What is the directory that contains the init directories (rc0.d/ to rc6.d/)? </p>
<p>[/etc] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>What is the directory that contains the init scripts? </p>
<p>[/etc/init.d] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>In which directory do you want to install the daemon files? </p>
<p>[/usr/sbin] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>In which directory do you want to install the library files? </p>
<p>[/usr/lib/vmware-tools] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>The path &quot;/usr/lib/vmware-tools&quot; does not exist currently. This program is </p>
<p>going to create it, including needed parent directories. Is this what you want?</p>
<p>[yes] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>In which directory do you want to install the documentation files? </p>
<p>[/usr/share/doc/vmware-tools] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>The path &quot;/usr/share/doc/vmware-tools&quot; does not exist currently. This program </p>
<p>is going to create it, including needed parent directories. Is this what you </p>
<p>want? [yes] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>The installation of VMware Tools 6.0.1 build-55017 for Linux completed </p>
<p>successfully. You can decide to remove this software from your system at any </p>
<p>time by invoking the following command: &quot;/usr/bin/vmware-uninstall-tools.pl&quot;.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Before running VMware Tools for the first time, you need to configure it by </p>
<p>invoking the following command: &quot;/usr/bin/vmware-config-tools.pl&quot;. Do you want </p>
<p>this program to invoke the command for you now? [yes] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Stopping VMware Tools services in the virtual machine:</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp; Guest operating system daemon:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; done</p>
<p>Trying to find a suitable vmmemctl module for your running kernel.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>None of the pre-built vmmemctl modules for VMware Tools is suitable for your </p>
<p>running kernel. Do you want this program to try to build the vmmemctl module </p>
<p>for your system (you need to have a C compiler installed on your system)? </p>
<p>[yes] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Using compiler &quot;/usr/bin/gcc&quot;. Use environment variable CC to override.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>What is the location of the directory of C header files that match your running</p>
<p>kernel? [/lib/modules/2.6.22-14-generic/build/include] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Extracting the sources of the vmmemctl module.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Building the vmmemctl module.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Using 2.6.x kernel build system.</p>
<p>make: Entering directory `/tmp/vmware-config0/vmmemctl-only'</p>
<p>make -C /lib/modules/2.6.22-14-generic/build/include/.. SUBDIRS=$PWD SRCROOT=$PWD/. modules</p>
<p>make[1]: Entering directory `/usr/src/linux-headers-2.6.22-14-generic'</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmmemctl-only/os.o</p>
<p> SHIPPED /tmp/vmware-config0/vmmemctl-only/vmmemctl1.o</p>
<p> LD [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmmemctl-only/vmmemctl.o</p>
<p> Building modules, stage 2.</p>
<p> MODPOST 1 modules</p>
<p>WARNING: could not find /tmp/vmware-config0/vmmemctl-only/.vmmemctl1.o.cmd for /tmp/vmware-config0/vmmemctl-only/vmmemctl1.o</p>
<p> CC&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; /tmp/vmware-config0/vmmemctl-only/vmmemctl.mod.o</p>
<p> LD [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmmemctl-only/vmmemctl.ko</p>
<p>make[1]: Leaving directory `/usr/src/linux-headers-2.6.22-14-generic'</p>
<p>cp -f vmmemctl.ko ./../vmmemctl.o</p>
<p>make: Leaving directory `/tmp/vmware-config0/vmmemctl-only'</p>
<p>The module loads perfectly in the running kernel.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Trying to find a suitable vmhgfs module for your running kernel.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>None of the pre-built vmhgfs modules for VMware Tools is suitable for your </p>
<p>running kernel. Do you want this program to try to build the vmhgfs module for</p>
<p>your system (you need to have a C compiler installed on your system)? [yes] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Extracting the sources of the vmhgfs module.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Building the vmhgfs module.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Using 2.6.x kernel build system.</p>
<p>make: Entering directory `/tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only'</p>
<p>make -C /lib/modules/2.6.22-14-generic/build/include/.. SUBDIRS=$PWD SRCROOT=$PWD/. modules</p>
<p>make[1]: Entering directory `/usr/src/linux-headers-2.6.22-14-generic'</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/backdoor.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/backdoorGcc32.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/bdhandler.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/cpName.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/cpNameLinux.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/cpNameLite.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/dbllnklst.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/dentry.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/dir.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/eventManager.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/file.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/filesystem.o</p>
<p>/tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/filesystem.c: 在函数 ‘HgfsInitFileSystem’ 中：</p>
<p>/tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/filesystem.c:582: 错误： 提供给函数 ‘kmem_cache_create’ 的实参太少</p>
<p>/tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/filesystem.c:593: 错误： 提供给函数 ‘kmem_cache_create’ 的实参太少</p>
<p>make[2]: *** [/tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only/filesystem.o] 错误 1</p>
<p>make[1]: *** [_module_/tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only] 错误 2</p>
<p>make[1]: Leaving directory `/usr/src/linux-headers-2.6.22-14-generic'</p>
<p>make: *** [vmhgfs.ko] 错误 2</p>
<p>make: Leaving directory `/tmp/vmware-config0/vmhgfs-only'</p>
<p>Unable to build the vmhgfs module.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>The filesystem driver (vmhgfs module) is used only for the shared folder </p>
<p>feature. The rest of the software provided by VMware Tools is designed to work </p>
<p>independently of this feature.</p>
<p>If you wish to have the shared folders feature, you can install the driver by </p>
<p>running vmware-config-tools.pl again after making sure that gcc, binutils, make</p>
<p>and the kernel sources for your running kernel are installed on your machine. </p>
<p>These packages are available on your distribution's installation CD.</p>
<p>[ Press Enter key to continue ]&nbsp;&nbsp; </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>pcnet32&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 34308 0 </p>
<p>Unloading pcnet32 module</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Trying to find a suitable vmxnet module for your running kernel.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>None of the pre-built vmxnet modules for VMware Tools is suitable for your </p>
<p>running kernel. Do you want this program to try to build the vmxnet module for</p>
<p>your system (you need to have a C compiler installed on your system)? [yes] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Extracting the sources of the vmxnet module.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Building the vmxnet module.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Using 2.6.x kernel build system.</p>
<p>make: Entering directory `/tmp/vmware-config1/vmxnet-only'</p>
<p>make -C /lib/modules/2.6.22-14-generic/build/include/.. SUBDIRS=$PWD SRCROOT=$PWD/. modules</p>
<p>make[1]: Entering directory `/usr/src/linux-headers-2.6.22-14-generic'</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmxnet-only/vmxnet.o</p>
<p> Building modules, stage 2.</p>
<p> MODPOST 1 modules</p>
<p> CC&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; /tmp/vmware-config1/vmxnet-only/vmxnet.mod.o</p>
<p> LD [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmxnet-only/vmxnet.ko</p>
<p>make[1]: Leaving directory `/usr/src/linux-headers-2.6.22-14-generic'</p>
<p>cp -f vmxnet.ko ./../vmxnet.o</p>
<p>make: Leaving directory `/tmp/vmware-config1/vmxnet-only'</p>
<p>The module loads perfectly in the running kernel.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>update-initramfs: Generating /boot/initrd.img-2.6.22-14-generic</p>
<p>Trying to find a suitable vmblock module for your running kernel.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>None of the pre-built vmblock modules for VMware Tools is suitable for your </p>
<p>running kernel. Do you want this program to try to build the vmblock module </p>
<p>for your system (you need to have a C compiler installed on your system)? </p>
<p>[yes] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Extracting the sources of the vmblock module.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Building the vmblock module.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Using 2.6.x kernel build system.</p>
<p>make: Entering directory `/tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only'</p>
<p>make -C /lib/modules/2.6.22-14-generic/build/include/.. SUBDIRS=$PWD SRCROOT=$PWD/. modules</p>
<p>make[1]: Entering directory `/usr/src/linux-headers-2.6.22-14-generic'</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/block.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/control.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/dbllnklst.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/dentry.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/file.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/filesystem.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/inode.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/module.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/stubs.o</p>
<p> CC [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/linux/super.o</p>
<p> LD [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/vmblock.o</p>
<p> Building modules, stage 2.</p>
<p> MODPOST 1 modules</p>
<p> CC&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/vmblock.mod.o</p>
<p> LD [M] /tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only/vmblock.ko</p>
<p>make[1]: Leaving directory `/usr/src/linux-headers-2.6.22-14-generic'</p>
<p>cp -f vmblock.ko ./../vmblock.o</p>
<p>make: Leaving directory `/tmp/vmware-config1/vmblock-only'</p>
<p>The module loads perfectly in the running kernel.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>[EXPERIMENTAL] The Virtual Machine Communication Interface (VMCI) service </p>
<p>provides a new communication capability with the Host, primarily for </p>
<p>development at the moment. Would you like to enable this feature? [no] </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Detected X.org version 1.3.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>No drivers for X.org version: 1.3.</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>Please choose one of the following display sizes that X will start with (1 - </p>
<p>15):</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>[1] &quot;640x480&quot;</p>
<p>[2] &quot;800x600&quot;</p>
<p>[3] &quot;1024x768&quot;</p>
<p>[4] &quot;1152x864&quot;</p>
<p>[5] &quot;1280x800&quot;</p>
<p>[6]&lt; &quot;1152x900&quot;</p>
<p>[7] &quot;1280x1024&quot;</p>
<p>[8] &quot;1376x1032&quot;</p>
<p>[9] &quot;1400x900&quot;</p>
<p>[10] &quot;1400x1050&quot;</p>
<p>[11] &quot;1440x900&quot;</p>
<p>[12] &quot;1680x1050&quot;</p>
<p>[13] &quot;1600x1200&quot;</p>
<p>[14] &quot;1920x1200&quot;</p>
<p>[15] &quot;2364x1773&quot;</p>
<p>Please enter a number between 1 and 15:</p>
<p> </p>
<p> </p>
<p>[6]</p>
<p>似乎由于内核的原因需要编译而且还编译出了些错，但是仍然安装完成，很是高兴。但是安装完了以后马上就找不到网卡了。我于是重新启动了客户机，网卡就找回了，哈哈哈。先把终端记录提供给大家参考。<br /></p>