---
layout: post
title: 一些美国学生对太平洋路德大学的评论(一)
categories:
- Diandian
tags:
- 日常生活

---
一下是转自epinions的信息：
<br />
<br />
<strong>Pros: </strong>Many options
<br />
<br />
<strong>Cons: </strong>Not your home cooked
<br />
<br />jdt2000's Full Review: Pacific Lutheran University I am a current student at Pacific Lutheran University, as this is the only college I have attended I don't have much the compare the dining services to, but I'll try my best. Since PLU is a smaller college there aren't many options in places to eat on campus.
<br />
<br />There are 3 locations, the Bistro, Coffee shop, and University Commons. The university offers 3 or 4 different meal plans, each of these places accept the PLU card. There are 5, maybe a 10, 15 and 20 meal plans, each per week. I currently have the big 20 meal plan, but find that I don't use it all, so I plan to drop down to the 15 meal plan for next semester.
<br />
<br />Bistro- This is a little place on lower campus. I'm not sure of the hours here, but I know it isn't open on the weekend. During the week they serve various meals. They aren't open for breakfast, but they do feature the Grab-n-go lunch. This a sack lunch, with a sandwich, chips, cookie, etc. They have much better dinners. Any night during the week, one can pop in and have a batch of buffalo wings, with a salad, and drink. Or a personal pizza, with 2 toppings, cheese, and sauce. Along with bread sticks, a salad, and drink. The Bistro is nice for people on the go.
<br />
<br />Coffee Shop- This is located one floor below the Commons in the University Center. Once again I'm not quite sure of the hours here. They tend to be open during normal meal times only. For example 5 PM to 7 PM, once again I'm not quite sure if the Coffee Shop is open on the weekend. The coffee shop is open for students and faculty. Some of the items are a available with the meal plan, while others can be payed for with cash. The meal plan items consists of things like a burger, fries, drink and salad. Or a sandwich, drink, and salad. This is an eat in or take out place also, like the Bistro.
<br />
<br />University Commons- This is the place where many people eat, and where I work. I will try to be as unbiased as possible. I eat mostly here in the Commons. They feature the most variety in food. There are 3 different stations. One of the stations usually has some sort of pasta. There is a deli bar, students can custom order sandwiches here. There are two normal &quot;lines&quot; where various food is served. This changes from meal to meal. At these stations anything from fish to pot roast is served. There are usually 3 or 4 different items at these stations. One being a vegetable, the main course, and one of two other entres. Then during the week the 4th station, the &quot;display&quot; features various alternatives, from fried rice to pasta.
<br />
<br />The University Commons (UC) also has a soup of the day, and a salad bar. The UC is open from 6:30 AM to 7:15 PM everyday. Breakfast is served from 6:30 to 9:30 every weekday and from 6:30 AM to 2:30 PM on the weekends. Weekday lunches are served from 10:30 to 2:30 PM and dinners start at 4PM and go till closing.
<br />
<br />I have some favorites that I look forward to. Every Sunday for brunch freshly made waffles are served. They have strawberries, whipped cream, and syrup to put on them. Mmmmmmm they are good! There is a variety of meals here at the UC, and different meals are served every night. It takes from 2 to 3 even 4 weeks to cycle through the meals before one is repeated again. When I have to eat on campus, this is my favorite place to eat because there is such a variety in foods.
<br />
<br />I have 3 1/2 more years to eat here, I'm already looking forward to going home to have &quot;good food,&quot; but to be honest with you the food really isn't that bad. I just hope I can Outwit others in what to eat, Out-eat... well not really, and out-last the other students, so I can be the sole &quot;dining services survivor.&quot;
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<strong>Recommended:</strong>
<br />Yes
<br />————————————————————————————————————————————————
<br />
<strong>Pros:</strong> 1st rate faculty-scholars. Students athletic. User-friendly curriculum.
<br />
<strong>Cons:</strong> Identity crisis. Non-ELCA christian revival polarized the campus community.
<br />
<br />mcse2020's Full Review: Pacific Lutheran University PLU is like an old house you absolutely know would be worth a fortune if you fixed it. Norwegian roots and Midwestern bloodline. Faculty hail from the elite (Harvard, Stanford, Columbia, Smith, Reed, Big-10, Pac-10, Big East) Top Dawgs of Academia are still there because they see a fixer-upper.
<br />
<br />I attended 91-96. 91-93: I had a BLAST! LOVED IT! 94-96: I wanted to get the heck out of Dodge asap.
<br />
<br />First mistake was the decision to split the 1994 Freshman Orientation in 2 groups thus causing a &quot;split&quot; class. Cohesion suffered. The graduating classes of 89-97 were more unified than nowadays. Christians and non-Christians got along ok until the 90's. All this may have changed. Be sure to ask how ORIENTATION will be organized. My favorite friends whom I clinged with over 4 years - I met them from Residence Hall Orientation (RHO) where we visited every dorm to meet people. We did everything together. I love them!
<br />
<br />2nd mistake was a boost in recruitment of church-active Christians. A sensible move for PLU, but it was too much too quick. Lutherans, Roman Catholics and non-religious alike began to feel uncomfortable with these very active &amp; opinionated Christians who practiced faith that was not consistent with the Mission Statement that highlighted Ecumenism and open-minded inquiry. I AM EPISCOPALIAN and was shunned by the same Bible Fellowship I actively attended the previous semester because the new freshman and transfers labeled me as a liberal and a catholic-lover. You can imagine how they viewed the Muslims and Buddhists on campus...
<br />
<br />Increased enforcement of campus policies, crackdown on hazing, regulation and supervision of dorm dances, demolition of the campus bowling alley, elimination of fully-accredited engineering degrees had a negative affect on morale, but incoming freshmen were ok with the changes.
<br />
<br />Despite my gripe, I still encourage people to consider PLU because of the more concrete benefits. Faculty, facility, and curriculum are impeccable and the most user-friendly I've ever seen. (I attended a state U &amp; CC in the summer and 1 term at University College London ... all yuck).
<br />
<br />Please visit the campus b/c things change, always do...
<br />
<br />
<strong>Recommended:</strong>
<br />Yes
<br />___________________________________________________________________________________
<br />
<strong>Pros:</strong> Nice campus, some great teachers
<br />
<strong>Cons:</strong> Some poor teachers, pricey
<br />
<br />sprint_sucks's Full Review: Pacific Lutheran University I've only spent four years at one college, so I don't have much to compare it against.
<br />
<br />But I guess I could sum up my experience as &quot;mostly fun.&quot;
<br />
<br />I attended PLU (or &quot;paloo&quot;) from 1992 through 1996. During that time, it saw a lot of changes, and no doubt, has changed much since I left.
<br />
<br />I do think the school is slightly overpriced and Pacific Lutheran was unable to find me any financial aid. I made only the most basic attempts to secure any, looking through their catalog of aid offers and filling out the survey. I did get $500 each year from my local Lutheran church which PLU matched. This is often overlooked by prospective students. If you're a member of a Lutheran church, ask if they have a line item for scholarships to Lutheran schools.
<br />
<br />It should be pointed out that the percentage of Lutherans was probably only about 30% when I attended college. Also, like most college graduates (from any school), I am not employed in the field I studied in. But they did recognize my dabbling in the internet and tapped me to be their very first webmaster while I was a student there, which did later help me to land the job I have now.
<br />
<br />The really great things about the school are its functions for allowing creative expression. The school features its own student run television station, radio station, newspaper, yearbook, literary magazine, plus several on-campus galleries and a good theatrical program.
<br />
<br />On the down side, I think it's a little overpriced and its administration is afraid to take any bold steps, even if it would mean the betterment of the campus. I don't have specific examples, but you know what I mean.. so afraid of its own shadow that it won't take any risks.
<br />
<br />The school also features a professional television studio for use with classes and projects (in some ways, the television station is more professional, and in some ways, less) as well as an award-winning jazz station, KPLU which is heard all over most of Washington State, parts of Oregon and Idaho and British Columbia.
<br />
<br />Parking is a real problem, you're better off leaving your car at home. Most places can be reached on foot, or by bicycle.
<br />
<br />The food wasn't bad. It was college food, but it sure beats scraping the money together now to go get another overpriced hamburger or taco from a fast food place. I also suspect the food on campus was a little healthier.
<br />
<br />You can't get cable TV (at least you couldn't then) and there isn't much to do within walking distance off-campus, which is a bit of a bummer.
<br />
<br />The Mary Baker Russell Music Building (phase I) was completed my senior year. Amazing structure. They hadn't even broken ground when I set foot on campus in 1992. If you like the glass rose windows, check out more of the artists' work at the Bellagio -- it's the upsidedown glass garden above you in the lobby. I hear the campus also now features a big astronomy telescope. That's gotta be cool.
<br />
<br />But overall, a pretty good school. And thanks for Frosty, an excellent football program. I didn't play, but covered every game home and away for the television station.
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<strong>Recommended:</strong>
<br />Yes
<br />__________________________________________________________________________________
<br />
<strong>Pros:</strong> amazing profs, cozy oncamus living, good investment
<br />
<strong>Cons:</strong> doesn't snow enough ;)
<br />
<br /> thisguy12's Full Review: Pacific Lutheran University WOW! i was just bored so i thought i'd look up some reviews of good 'ol PLU. SUPRISED AT what i found.... and there is a new one that was posted not too long ago... .. i guess thats kinda excited..... HA.. maybe i'll run into them in red square or something.. and not even know it.... OHH CRAZY!
<br />well to get down to it . .. yeah PLU is a great school.. that simple.... maybe the campus isn't the prettiest.. but its getting there and if you're looking for that in school.. you're probably not serious in the first place. but anyway. i must say.. YES our professors here are amazing .. and as that other review says.. they do come from all the HUGE universities out there... and they keep coming in ... plus i know what its like to be taught by them.. they give you ONE ON ONE help anytime.. i mean my stats prof will even call you in the morning to make sure you get up for class... now that dedication!
<br />most of the cons i've read about PLU aren't really big cons in the first place.. which is funny.. i mean someone complained about the UC *cafiteria* but you know its grown by leaps and whatever else.. and i think someone said the school was having an identity crisis or some garbage like that..... sure why not! makes it more exciting if you ask me.... and heck .. i don't even notice.. all i know is that i go to my class every day to do my HW and i feel like i've come out with something i didn't have when i came in. I'm very glad i came here sure sure, it gets tiring being on campus but seattle and tacoma are just a step out the door so theres all the entertainment you could ask for. I don't know.. i look at numerous schools in the west coast.... umm gonzaga, UW, WSU, UofO SPU, linfield, REED, witman, witworth, UPS etc. and i found that this one was the one that actually cared about what i wanted to do with my life rather than how much money can they suck out of me while im here. i made a good choice.. so i give it two thumbs up.. or eh, five stars.
<br />its still a good price for a private edu. :D
<br />
<br />
<strong>Recommended:</strong>
<br />Yes