---
layout: post
title: 一些美国学生对太平洋路德大学的评论(二)
categories:
- Diandian
tags:
- 日常生活, 
---
一下是转自epinions的信息： \*\*Pros:\*\* great coverage for underprivileged families \*\*Cons:\*\* if you or parents make "too much", not a very good financial aid package, expensive school bobisty's Full Review: Pacific Lutheran University PLU is a great school. It's very expensive to go here, but I have found that they bend over backwards to get you the best financial aid package you could possibly have. The staff is very friendly and attentive to student's needs. My family doesn't make much, so I was sure I'd never get into PLU. I received a financial aid package shortly after being accepted and I couldn't believe my eyes. I was not eligible for a Pell Grant, but PLU managed to pay for 3/4 of my education. I have been here for 2 years now, and I have had to deal with the Financial Aid staff a lot. They are some of the nicest people around and do their jobs well. \*\*Recommended:\*\* Yes ———————————————————————————————————————————————— \*\*Pros:\*\* 1st rate faculty, PLU strives to create academic excellence \*\*Cons:\*\* rainy, pricey even though cheaper than my last school luteylute's Full Review: Pacific Lutheran University Compared to other universities in the northwest (i.e. UPS, SPU, UW etc.) PLU outranks all, in this authors "E"pinion. I transfered from UPS as a sophomore to PLU and found welcoming arms from the day i set foot on campus to now, which is my final year here. Every one of my Professors were more knowledgeable than i could ever have imagined. I was challenged beyond by dreams. PLU is a very academic community everyone here is serious about learning and becoming the best they can be in their field, which in my experience makes a very hard competition in the intern/job market. PLU is making even more steps to make life for its students more comfortable by proposing a "2010" project for improving its already wonderful campus. PLU is near one of the only schools that I researched that offers a travel abroad program for short and long term outings, at a very reasonable price. I urge anyone that wants to attend a school that will give you everything academically you've ever wanted and so much more to challenge yourself and apply here. \*\*Recommended:\*\* Yes ———————————————————————————————————————————————— \*\*Pros:\*\* Great atmosphere, clean dorms, friendly staff, attentive counselors \*\*Cons:\*\* It's in a small hick town. keebler45's Full Review: Pacific Lutheran University I'm a senior and I recently visited PLU. I have to admit, I went there expecting it to be a nasty little school that I definitely wouldn't go to. The only reason I went to visit was my mom wanted me to at least look at it. The staff is very friendly, my guide was the best guide I met (I'd just gone on four other college tours) The atmosphere was fun and friendly. Everyone I saw was having fun and smiling. Yes, I don't go there. But I have to say, PLU seemed like an awesome school and it went from dead last on my list, to top three! \*\*Recommended:\*\* Yes