---
layout: post
title: 春节快乐，我写的诗 (课程：ENGL 213)
categories:
- Diandian
tags:
- 精神

---
Hand in Hand
<br />
<br />i
<br />Holding a walky-talky, he checks faces walking through the gate at night.
<br />Students nowadays are just so naive, looking at one of the couple,
<br />Don't understand their life and future, his forehead wrinkles.
<br />How many hands did you win today?
<br />Not much, break even.
<br />Zhou Wen-hao, go; Zhang Ting-ting, go; He Lu-xi, hold, show me your ID card?
<br />
<br />ii
<br />Bear, topless, enjoying his short duration of peace after metalworking.
<br />Just go to the bridge site, do the work so our son can use imported medicine.
<br />Too dangerous, what if I die? What will you live on?
<br />She sighs.
<br />Seeing a couple of students going by their shop,
<br />She can't help recollecting their receding happiness back to the countryside.
<br />
<br />iii
<br />Ouch!Tsunami of boiling water drowns dust on the alley.
<br />No way! I gotta catch this gold rush!
<br />Students like this couple love to buy dim sum from her stand.
<br />Noise from rubbing Mahjong across the alley comforts scalded hands.
<br />I’m not gonna give you a tiny drop! He shouts, laughing.
<br />Fine, don't buy noodles next morning! She responds, smiling.
<br />She borrowed hot water from the casino manager.
<br />
<br />iv
<br />Watermelon, non-explosive!
<br />She turns back and continues the unfinished conversation with a vegetable vendor.
<br />Three inspectors came and confiscated my spinach. Thank Jade Emperor I sold half of it ahead.
<br />Go home. Have a man to watch next time.
<br />She knows how to survive in this big city.
<br />
<br />v
<br />Old man scrutinizes the rental book inventory,
<br />As if he is counting his gray hair.
<br />He can hear the couple talking about comics.
<br />Fewer people come to his store, neighbor kids are the loyalist.
<br />He sips oolong and straightens to pull down the rolling door.
<br />Rain damps the air, muddies the alley.
<br />
<br />vi
<br />The couple merges into a boulevard, wider, brighter, cleaner; sadder, darker, bitter.
<br />They stand at the intersection.
<br />Turn left, turn right.
<br />Instead of kissing him for goodbye, she says,
<br />Tomorrow, we walk hand in hand.
<p></p>